{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13120\viewh9680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Where to start with Chipper? He actually got me to break a mold/standard back in the day. "Don't worry about it, he won't care." What I'm referring to is that if you shot a new photo at a spot that's been already published then the new photo must be a different angle. Well that's what I tried to maintain. Initially Skin had a photo published from this angle so I avoided it for a couple years. With what I wanted to do, there was no other angle so tried to make it look completely different. I wanted to show the length of the spot so it would compliment the trick, intergrate with my idea/concept and to not get run over by a taxi drivers. The lane is for the \'93on ramp\'94 to the Harbour Bridge hence the speed bump. Taxi drivers will run you over. Through out the day, things progressed and eventually we stock piled enough to lead up to his interview. \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Sequences can be overlooked so I tried to supply scans (psd/tiff) whenever possible and this time a morphed psd. Having a finished piece of artwork that could be dropped into Quark (pre-Indesign) meant Morg's could confirm running this and we had a lead into his interview. We actually shot a bit while he was in Sydney and was a great excuse to head to Perth to finish. \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Most importantly he was correct about Skin. #thankyouskateboarding\
\
@therealwaltz1 02\'92\
FS NoseSlide\
Aquarium, Sydney }