{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13120\viewh9680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93You know the school on Oxford St. Let\'92s meet there.\'94 Simple, I met up with Chipper, Mick Yuen and Jai Smith. If correct. Morg\'92s had organized us to meet a couple days earlier and got a couple of sequences sorted. So on average, three sequences, three stills and portraits were required to get prep\'92d for an interview. At the time, the skate industry was running photos and videos of riders looking up into the camera as they were doing their trick. I figured we could do something similar but for a portrait. I mentioned the idea and he said he had a spot. Maybe it was too similar cause it was never run and we went with the stock profile shot. I don\'92t remember exactly. Nor do I remember any other single other than the BS flip being used. That one I need to confirm with Morg\'92s. Regardless, thanks for the memories. :D\
\
@therealwaltz1 02\'92\
Image 1: 	Portrait - Perth\
Image 2: 	BS Flip - Perth\
Image 3:	BS 180 Rev NG Sw FS 180 out - Sydney\
Image 4:	NoseSlide 270 Shove out - Sydney\
Image 5:	Sw BS Heel - Sydney\
Image 6:	Pop Shove - Sydney\
Image 7:	Portrait - Perth\
\
ASM Oct 02\'92\
#thankyouskateboarding}